Arrived home
Ok
thanks
Meeting has been changed
Still alive
Class 
Running late
Please order me 
Feel like talking?
Feel like playing
Yes
No
Call me
Call me
ASAP
Do you have 
Address is 
Can you pick up
Don’t forget to feed the dog
What’s up?
How much does it cost?
Gotta go
Too Busy
Here
How are you?
I like you
We should be friends
I love you 
Do you want to go out
What is your favorite
Where do you live
Favorite
Where do you want to eat?
How was class?

I'm good
great
happy
nice
please
thank you
hello
goodbye
how was your day

My goodness! You guys are fired up!

Well, let me just say hello everyone. 
I am so thrilled to be here with you all today in New Hampshire. 
This is like home to me, and this day — thank you for a beautiful fall day.
You just ordered this day up for me, didn't you? It's great to be here.
Let me start by thanking your fabulous governor, your next U.S. senator, Maggie Hassan. 
I want to thank her for that lovely introduction. 
all of whom have been just terrific friends to us. 
And, of course, thanks to all of you for taking the time to be here today.
Thanks so much. That's very sweet of you. 
I love you guys too. 
I can't believe it's just a few weeks before Election Day, as we come together to support the next President and Vice President of the United States, Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine!
And New Hampshire is going to be important, as always.

So I'm going to get a little serious here, because I think we can all agree that this has been a rough week in an already rough election. 
This week has been particularly interesting for me personally because it has been a week of profound contrast.
See, on Tuesday, at the White House, we celebrated the International Day of the Girl and Let Girls Learn, and it was a wonderful celebration. It was the last event that I'm going to be doing as First Lady for Let Girls Learn. 
And I had the pleasure of spending hours talking to some of the most amazing young women you will ever meet, young girls here in the U.S. and all around the world. And we talked about their hopes and their dreams. 
We talked about their aspirations. See, because many of these girls have faced unthinkable obstacles just to attend school, jeopardizing their personal safety, their freedom, risking the rejection of their families and communities.
So I thought it would be important to remind these young women how valuable and precious they are. 
I wanted them to understand that the measure of any society is how it treats its women and girls. 
And I told them that they deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, and I told them that they should disregard anyone who demeans or devalues them, and that they should make their voices heard in the world. 
And I walked away feeling so inspired, just like I'm inspired by all the young people here
I was so uplifted by these girls. That was Tuesday.

And now, here I am, out on the campaign trail in an election 
where we have consistently been hearing hurtful, hateful language about women — 
language that has been painful for so many of us, not just as women, 
but as parents trying to protect our children and raise them to be caring, respectful adults, 
and as citizens who think that our nation's leaders should meet basic standards of human decency.

The fact is that in this election, we have a candidate for President of the United States who, 
over the course of his lifetime and the course of this campaign, 
has said things about women that are so shocking, so demeaning that I simply will not repeat anything here today. 
And last week, we saw this candidate actually bragging about sexually assaulting women. 
And I can't believe that I'm saying that a candidate for 
President of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
And I have to tell you that I can't stop thinking about this. 
It has shaken me to my core in a way that I couldn't have predicted. 
So while I'd love nothing more than to pretend like this isn't happening, and to come out here and do my normal campaign speech, it would be dishonest and disingenuous to me to just move on to the next thing like this was all just a bad dream.
This is not something that we can ignore. 
It's not something we can just sweep under the rug as just another disturbing footnote in a sad election season. 
Because this was not just a "lewd conversation." 
This wasn't just locker-room banter. 
This was a powerful individual speaking freely and openly 
about sexually predatory behavior, and actually bragging about kissing and groping women, 
using language so obscene that many of us were worried about our children hearing it when we turn on the TV.
And to make matters worse, it now seems very clear that this isn't an isolated incident. 
It's one of countless examples of how he has treated women his whole life. 
And I have to tell you that I listen to all of this and I feel it so personally, and I'm sure that many of you do too, particularly the women. 
The shameful comments about our bodies. 
The disrespect of our ambitions and intellect. 
The belief that you can do anything you want to a woman.

It is cruel. It's frightening. A
nd the truth is, it hurts. It hurts. 
It's like that sick, sinking feeling you get when you're walking down the street minding your own business and some guy yells out vulgar words about your body. 
Or when you see that guy at work that stands just a little too close, stares a little too long, and makes you feel uncomfortable in your own skin.
It's that feeling of terror and violation that too many women have felt when someone has grabbed them, 
It reminds us of stories we heard from our mothers and grandmothers about how, back in their day, the boss could say and do whatever he pleased to the women in the office, 
We thought all of that was ancient history, didn't we?
And so many have worked for so many years to end this kind of violence and abuse and disrespect, but here we are in 2016 and we're hearing these exact same things every day on the campaign trail. 
We are drowning in it. And all of us are doing what women have always done: We're trying to keep our heads above water, just trying to get through it, trying to pretend like this doesn't really bother us maybe because we think that admitting how much it hurts makes us as women look weak.

Maybe we're afraid to be that vulnerable. 
Maybe we've grown accustomed to swallowing these emotions and staying quiet, because we've seen that people often won't take our word over his. 
Or maybe we don't want to believe that there are still people out there who think so little of us as women. 
Too many are treating this as just another day's headline, as if our outrage is overblown or unwarranted, as if this is normal, just politics as usual.
But, New Hampshire, be clear: This is not normal. 
This is not politics as usual. This is disgraceful.
It is intolerable.
And it doesn't matter what party you belong to — Democrat, Republican, independent — no woman deserves to be treated this way. None of us deserves this kind of abuse.
And I know it's a campaign, but this isn't about politics. 
It's about basic human decency. 
It's about right and wrong. 
And we simply cannot endure this, or expose our children to this any longer — not for another minute, and let alone for four years. Now is the time for all of us to stand up and say enough is enough.
This has got to stop right now.
So for the next 26 days, we need to do everything we can to help her and Tim Kaine win this election. 
I know I'm going to be doing it.
Are you with me? 
Are you all with me? 
You ready to roll up your sleeves? 
Get to work knocking on doors?
All right, let's get to work. 
Thank you all. 
God bless.
Fine, thanks.
Where are you off to?
To the library
I'll see you later then. 
Good luck.
See you later. 
It's nice to meet you
I work for the
Who's the tall women
Let me introduce you
Would you like a drink
What time is it
We're going to be late
Sounds great!
Sorry
Thank you
Well, hello there
Long time no see
What a small world
I hope that you are not offensive
My toes are going numb

